$Id$

--------
Abstract
--------

POE::Component::Client::HTTP is an asynchronous, event driven HTTP
user agent.  It accepts events containing HTTP::Request objects, and
it returns events carrying HTTP::Response objects.  It supports
several simultaneous HTTP transactions which may be requested from
several sessions.

------------
Requirements
------------

This module requires POE, HTTP::Request, and HTTP::Response.  The
requirements are encoded in Makefile.PL.

------------------
Basic Installation
------------------

[Note: This section is written in advance of PoCo::Client::HTTP's
placement on the CPAN.  These steps are wrong, and you will find no
joy following them.  Please read the Manual Installation section
instead.]

POE::Component::Client::HTTP may be installed through the CPAN shell
in the usual CPAN shell manner.  This typically is:

  $ perl -MCPAN -e 'intstall POE::Component::Client::HTTP'

You can also read this README from the CPAN shell:

  $ perl -MCPAN -e shell
  cpan> readme POE::Component::Client::HTTP

And you can install the component from the CPAN prompt as well:

  cpan> install POE::Component::Client::HTTP

-------------------
Manual Installation
-------------------

POE::Component::Client::HTTP can also be installed manually.  The
latest CPAN version can be found at
<ftp://ftp.cpan.org/pub/CPAN/authors/id/R/RC/RCAPUTO/> or in a
similarly named directory at your favorite CPAN mirror.  The most
recent development snapshot, which only rarely contains hideous
show-stopping bugs, is available from POE's web site at
<http://poe.perl.org/>.

Downloading and unpacking the distribution are left as exercises for
the reader.  To build and test it:

  perl Makefile.PL
  make test

The test programs, t/01_get.t and t/02_put.t, make excellent sample
programs.  If you would like to see more details about the tests'
operations, edit them and set their DEBUG constants to any value Perl
considers "true".

When you're ready to install the component:

  make install

It should now be ready to use.

---------------------------
EOF: Thank you for reading.
---------------------------
